This programme contains
strong language.
You look like shit. I know.
Margaret Thatcher used to survive on
less than four hours sleep a night,
how is that possible?
Monkey glands, and she was mad.
This programme
contains strong language.
And she lived
above the shop of course,
so she didn't have to commute.
I mean London is so big,
can't we devolve some of it?
If I could get just one decent
night's shut-eye in the flat
I'd be able to cope.
Look, Hugh do yourself a favour
stay over in the flat.
I can't break my promise to Kate.
I mean, do you actually
see the children?
I don't have time for that,
all I do...
I work, I eat, I shower - that's it.
Occasionally...
I take a dump,
just as a sort of treat,
I mean that really is my treat,
that's what it's come to.
I sit there and I think,
"No, I'm not going to
read The New Statesman,
"this time is just for me,
this is quality time just for me."
Is that normal? It's sad.
Still, at least
I've made something.
Morning, morning,
Secretary of State,
we've got quite a lot
to get through.
Good. I have cancelled
that press interview
for BBC Norfolk this afternoon. Why?
Well, it was going to clash with
the two minute silence so I...
Ooh, good call.
Yeah Hugh, not remembering the dead,
talking
about benefit fraud in King's Lynn,
you are gonna look a bit of a dick.
Could you get me a cup of coffee?
I told you about Waitrose,
when I was head of press,
do you remember that? I know.
It was a two minute silence -
an ordinary Sunday -
and somebody said something
on the Tannoy about a spillage,
the tabloids were like rats up
a drainpipe on Monday morning.
Were they? Can you just...
It's The Times,
could you just have a quick look at
that...? Is it about me?
Why don't you have
a read of it first?
This job is exciting enough
without having to inject
artificial elements of suspense.
You're cock teasing, just tell me.
Hello, Malcolm...
he hasn't yet, no. He is, isn't he?
He is a prick. He is a prick.
Who's a prick? Am I a prick?
Yeah, rip the ball sack off...
Whose ball sack? Whose ball sack?
Whose balls, whose...
Hello, Malcolm.
Have you got Simon Hewitt's
piece in front of you?
I haven't quite been through it yet.
Have you got to the bit where
he calls you out of your depth?
No, at the moment he's calling me...
"The political equivalent
"of the house wine
at a suburban Indian restaurant."
That's not very good, is it?
Hang on a second, "insipid," yeah...
HE MUMBLES
"Uninspiring."
Christ, that's bad. Look at that.
Ooh, "Disconnected
to the point of autism."
We're going to get this tosser,
Hugh, don't you worry.
He'll be at The Sport, photoshopping
the tits of Hollyoaks extras
by the end of the month.
Can I just say...? Hello?
No, he's gone.
That's great, Malcolm's backing me.
Yeah? So, how do we respond to this?
Right, we don't...
we don't exchange insults
with bloody
Simon-arsepipes-titty-twat.
Is that the best swearing
you can come up with?
This is a bucket of shit,
if someone throws shit at us
we throw shit back at them.
We start a shit fight,
we throw so much shit back at them
that they can't pick up shit, they
can't throw shit, they can't do shit.
That's top swearing, Glenn,
well done.
Watch and learn. I think we're all
agreed that the department
needs to look a bit less...
Autistic... ..badly staffed.
So, we need to -
at this morning's policy review -
come up with some sort of new
announcement
that's a bit more connected,
a bit more funky. Funky.
Look, I hope you're not going to
just toss off some kind of policy,
just to get back at some
journalist.
So, essentially this is just us
again,
but in a bigger room, isn't it?
And without Terri.
Yeah I've block-booked 14
meeting rooms, she'll never find us.
It's foolproof, it's the only way
to get any un-interrupted work done.
Chris from Health does
it all the time.
OK, all right then,
I'll start us off.
There was a key worker policy I
worked up a couple of months ago.
Quite like that. Any takers?
We need to find a good angle.
Youths, you know, people are afraid
of youths, I mean I know I am.
HE GROWLS
Are you taking the piss? I'm joshing.
It sounds like taking the piss.
It's just good-natured joshing.
My hand is in the air,
I am being good natured.
Can the two of you just shut up?
Shut up for a minute, please.
Where else can we go?
Pollution, the environment?
Litter? Dog shit? Aiming high(!)
We aimed high and now we're at dog
shit. So, what you're...
OK, I'm putting it about through a
number of cronies...
Morning, Malcolm.
..that Hewitt's piece was bollocks,
he did it as a favour to Cliff.
Cliff being?
Cliff Lawton. Oh, right.
Hugh's predecessor, they're as tight
as arse-cheeks. Are they now?
Well, fuck knows, but that's what
we're saying, OK?
It's personal, it's back-slapping,
it's borderline homoerotic,
and you are the innocent
victim of a nasty media stitch-up.
OK, right. Right, I'm fixing you
up with a main man media piece
with your ex Angela Heaney but...
it is a perfect opportunity to show
just how clued-up you are actually.
Hughie Abbot, the in-touch guy,
you're on the ball,
you know the price of a pint of milk,
you love VH1, Pixar,
you dig The Streets...
No, no, they're all great.
You've got absolutely no fucking idea
what I'm talking about, do you?
Yeah, yeah I do.
Who's the only gay in the village?
Eddie Grundy. I don't know, because
I know that he's got children,
mind you a lot of them do these days
you know Ben at the Foreign Office.
What's a chav?
Ch...erm...
You must know this!
Hugh, what is a chav?
A chav, you must know what a chav...
Look just saying chav
isn't very helpful.
This is important stuff, Hugh.
Right, we do a weekly digest
for the Prime Minister,
we boil down the week's television,
cinema, music, so on.
The Zeitgeist tapes. Exactly,
it's EastEnders highlights,
choice bits
from all the reality shows,
ten second music videos,
that kind of thing.
God that's why the PM also looks
so clued-up,
I always thought
he was genuinely quite with it.
He's as bad as you, he uses
phrases like "with it" as well.
I'm gonna bike that over to Terri.
Watch it, OK?
Listen, when you talk
to Angela Heaney,
remember to stick the boot
into Hewitt.
I'm putting it about that Cliff
offered him two weeks at his
Tuscan villa for that piece, OK?
10-4, daddy-o. Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey. This is serious.
You have got 24 hours to sort out
your policy on EastEnders, right?
or you're for the Halal butchers.
HE MIMICS THE EASTENDERS DRUMS
Even he knows.
Terri, two main contenders
for our policy decision... Right.
Erm, we change Arts and Music policy
funding,
so that we give most of the money
to the bad kids,
give them intensive
arts and music tuition,
stop them turning into, you know,
tomorrow's crims and offenders.
And perhaps you'd
like to outline your...
We punish the disruptive kids by
cutting them out of extra music and
arts tuition -
show them the carrot
and the stick early on.
The bad kids they get no money, and
Olly, the same bad kids, they get...
More money. More money.
They could both play, couldn't they?
They're fundamentally contradictory.
Yes, yes,
so which one should we go with?
Why don't you go with both or
neither,
or come up with something else
completely different?
You're being quite flippant.
Well, I'm not, it's not,
it's not my role to have
a preference, I sell the apples.
If you want me to sell the apples
I'll sell the apples,
and if you want me to sell oranges,
then I'll go and tell people that
the apples, they're shit, Olly.
I'll say, "Go on,
check out our oranges."
Which do you prefer, you know,
apples or oranges?
Apples. Apples.
Apples. OK, thank you.
Apples.
Hugh, if we are going to spend
tax payers' money
putting violent thugs
into productions of
The fucking Cherry Orchard,
we're gonna get crucified!
Hang on a second. Terri, which
was apples, I mean, was Olly apples
or was Glenn apples?
She's gone.
Let's throw this to a focus group.
Why don't we throw this to a focus
group? I can run a focus group.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
So, this is where you've been
having these secret meetings, is it?
Yeah. No. No. Well?
I cannot keep abreast of all this.
Can you precis some of it for me?
Yeah, sure. Well, I'll take
a precis of the transcripts
and a precis of the press packs,
could you precis the Zeitgeist tape?
Check this out. What?
A tape of this morning's
focus group.
This is Mary, she is
a focus group legend, right?
Mary? Mary she's called.
Everything that she's said in the
last 12 months
in every focus group she's been in
has chimed exactly with
the core vote,
and she loved my
Arts For Hearts And Minds policy.
Did she now? Yes, she did now.
Arts For Hearts And Minds?
Arts For Hearts And Minds,
that's what we're calling it.
She said it chimed brilliantly
with stay-at-home mums, like her.
She's really core
middle England, is she?
Totally core middle England.
TV: ..if children are put in a
position where they've got
a bit of responsibility,
I think they'll rise to that
challenge, I really do.
Art is all about
expression isn't it?
Can I get her in for a sort
of one-to-one? Why not?
Yeah absolutely, I can get...
Precis the focus group.
Make it a bit more...focussed.
Everybody else basically agrees
with what she says.
It's a very good way to work,
I like this, just cut out
all the extraneous stuff, you know,
just the facts, man, you know so
just the protein, Atkins government.
OK, I'll get her in.
And in fact here they are now.
Hello. Hello.
Hi, I'm Mary.
This is Mary
and this is Glenn Cullen.
And this is Mary, our focus
group star. Good to meet you.
Shown you on video. Thank you,
I keep getting asked back.
You are one of the most, sort of,
articulate of our focus groupees
now.
That's, yeah...not groupie,
"groupees" with two "e"s.
You're very kind, thanks.
All right, well listen
erm, just to push on...
I was thinking, that if I am
representative of the public at
large,
you know, you're going
to listen to what I say...
Yeah, you're every woman.
"It's all in me."
Yes, something like that.
It's a song, Hugh. Yeah, I know.
Right so, Mary, the policy that we
were talking about last time...
Great policy, yeah, really good.
Thank you.
Erm, what we were wondering about...
I was thinking about it afterwards,
actually, it really stayed with me,
and if those extra classes -
the drama and the
music and the art classes -
if they have them after school,
then it saves
the naughty children from missing
out on the core curriculum.
Core curriculum is important. That's
important. That's a very good angle.
And it would be I think a
really welcome breathing space
for some of the single parents
like me. Yeah.
Excellent.
We'll have to have a name for it,
I thought you could call it Play
For Tomorrow. Play For Tomorrow?
Yeah. Yeah, excellent.
Thank you so much for coming in,
and good luck with
the single mother thing.
Yeah, I'll see you in a bit, Glenn.
And you're against it?
It'll die on its arse, my grandma
was mugged by some ferret-faced
teenager with a neck tattoo,
what are you going to do about it,
teach him the bassoon?
It is as my mother would have said,
"Double wank and shit shifts."
But do you think it's got legs, Hugh?
Several. How did it play
with the focus groups?
She loves it. Sorry?
They love it,
they absolutely love it.
You've got 94% approve/strongly
approve rating - that's enormous.
Why did you say "she"?
I don't know, they call boats she.
94%, it's all there,
black and white.
It's difficult to argue, whatever
your foul-mouthed mother said.
Yes, I can feel a stiffy in the post.
Well, my guts still say no.
As substantial as they are,
they've been outvoted.
I'll talk to Tom about
green-lighting this.
So that's a go, Terri?
Just put the smell out,
see if anybody gags on it.
Just float it.
OK... Problem?
Can we please try and stop
making policy on the hoof?
We've been on the hoof
and we have been too hoofy. Have we?
Well, if there could just
be some sitting down involved. Yeah.
Just...you know,
sitting down, that's all I'm saying.
Yes, got the chairs we should,
we should probably use them.
I think so. OK. That was it.
Is that it? That's the problem,
no more, that was the only thing.
Good point, thanks for bringing
it up. I'll go and float.
OK. Face up?
If you like, yep. See you, Terri.
Erm, Malcolm, I know you were very
keen on Terri's appointment but...
She's shit. I wouldn't go that far.
She's a box-ticker Hugh,
she can't think outside the box.
No in fact she's built a box
inside the actual box,
and she's doing her thinking
inside that box.
Exactly, I like that.
Sorry I'm so tired, Malcolm, so much
stuff to read and think about at it.
You seem to get through it
all right, don't you?
Yeah well I find the time,
you know, somewhere.
Do you get lonely? No.
No, neither do I.
So, did you watch the Zeitgeist tape?
Yeah, some of it, yeah.
So you know EastEnders?
You know Little Mo from big Mo?
Boom-boom-boom-boop.
What? I haven't watched it, no.
What the fuck
are you playing at, Hugh?
Are you playing at being
a Minister,
or are you actually
a real life fucking Minister?
I'm a real life Minister.
I've never seen headlines like it.
In what way? It's all gone to shite.
Oh, the papers didn't
like the policy?
They fucking loathe it.
Are you getting all this, Hugh?
Yes, you're very clear.
Do they all hate it? The Times?
Especially The Times.
'Wait a second, the first editions
haven't even gone to bed yet,
'how do you know...'
Because I'm connected,
I'm plugged into the matrix,
I am the fucking matrix.
Sorry?
Have you not watched that tape yet?
'I'm taking it home now and I'm
gonna watch it there.
'We've just bought
a new video player
'off the back
of Alicia's obsession with Pingu.'
I want you all to pay attention.
'I've heard of Pingu.'
This arts policy is dead, OK?
As of now.
Get a press release in the oven,
fuck off the lot of you.
And Hugh, watch that tape...
'Sorry I was in the Blackwall
Tunnel, could you repeat all that?'
Anyway these focus groups,
they're absolutely useless.
Oh, it's useless to ask people what
they think is it,
it's useless to ask people
their opinions?
There's no point in asking people,
they don't know what they think
or they think that you should bring
back hanging for traffic wardens
or they think what every
right-minded person would
and that's just common sense.
Oh, yeah, I'm Jeff average,
I think like everybody else.
I'm Mr-Average-normal-bloke
and everybody thinks like me because
I work in IT
and on the weekends
I pop a few pills
and I do a bit of DJing -
spare cash because
I'm a single mum
and I'm a member of the
National Trust,
I enjoy any sports on TV,
anything with Colin Firth,
I enjoy domestic violence
and sun dried fucking Karaoke.
Not everybody is the same, Glenn,
people can surprise you!
Was that good natured joshing?
PHONE RINGS
Tucker.
Malcolm, hope I didn't wake you up.
Hewitt...
Yeah, I'm doing a piece this Sunday,
a big piece on focus groups,
it's sort of inspired
by your latest policy disaster.
'I'm going to be concentrating
'on how your man Abbot
can't do a single thing
'without focus groups.'
I'm shaking with fear.
That's sexual jealousy.
'You are so very very witty,'
pity none of it makes
it into your columns.
I'd love to spend the
evening listening to you,
but I've got better things to do.
Fuck off
back to your match reports, you twat.
Hello. Hugh, it's Terri.
Yeah, hello.
I'm sorry I've woken you up.
I wasn't asleep,
I have to be picked up again soon,
so I didn't think it was worth
taking my trousers off.
Listen, I've just heard that Simon
Hewitt is doing another piece on you
about how you rely on focus groups.
'Oh, cock.' But I'll be straight
onto it in the morning,
so don't lose any sleep over it.
'Are you taking the piss?'
Erm, no... I'm sorry I've got to go,
I'm sorry I've got an egg on.
Right, see you in the morning.
Yes, snuggle up, bye-bye.
Night, Hugh.
Bitch!
How fucked am I?
Well, you look awful,
you quite often look bad...
In terms of negative publicity,
on the fuckometer, where am I?
Oh, twelve.
Yeah, twelve say. Out of what?
Erm, fifty.
Oh, mine was out of ten.
Right, so I'm
24% fucked according to you
but according to you
I'm 120% fucked.
Erm, yeah.
Terri, have you got anything for us?
I can't ask them to drop the piece,
it would make us look pathetic.
I don't mean to come across
all Mr Grab Grind
but sorting out the press
is what you do for a living.
This is Malcolm's problem, anyway.
It was him that spun that...
Listen up,
this is what we're gonna do.
I'm bringing forward Hugh's interview
with Angela Heaney to this afternoon.
Morning, Malcolm. It goes out
as a spoiler tomorrow morning,
that way we can get our side
of the story across
and also piss all over
Simon Hewitt's cornflakes,
sadly only metaphorically.
Right OK, Olly, call Heaney,
Terri, get on to our editor,
Glenn, book a room,
Bodie, Doyle, you go round the back.
At times of stress, I make jokes.
Right, erm, what do I do?
Sit down in front of the TV,
you're gonna watch
that Zeitgeist tape now. Right.
THEME TUNE FROM THE BILL
Shit. Yeah, I know but people
watch it, this gets six million.
Oh, shit.
What?
She's an actress.
Who?
Mary from focus group,
she's an actress.
Oh, relax that doesn't matter, these
focus groups they do it all the time.
They bung in a couple of actors.
It doesn't matter because it's
a focus GROUP, key word, GROUP.
Oh, I just remembered, erm,
can you just...? Shall I pause it?
If you could pause it,
for a second I'll be...
I'm sorry I'll just be back
in a sec.
Glenn, I've got a bit of a problem.
What? You remember Mary
from the focus group?
What Miss Immaculate
Bloody Conception?
She's an actress.
What do you mean?
What I mean...
there's no clearer way of saying
it, she's an actress. Are you sure?
She's in The fucking Bill.
Oh, Jesus!
This doesn't necessarily have
to be a total fucking disaster.
It means she wasn't for real.
She's not really a stay-at-home
middle-England housewife
she's just playing a part,
so what she said wasn't, you know...
Yes, I do know.
What who said what, wasn't what?
Focus groups listen
to the opinions of ordinary people,
except they're not ordinary people,
they're fucking actors so they're
not technically people at all.
Can I get back to you?
Your fucking legend
is a fucking actress.
The focus group companies
do it all the time,
if they can't copy together
the right cross section
they call a casting agency.
Hire an opinionist, it's
only three Liberals, two fucking
Mavericks and a racist!
We've based the whole thing
on her, just
her, her alone don't you see that.
Why didn't you run it past me
for once? Oh, shit, shit!
THEY WHISPER:
No, you didn't. It's not real.
I thought I recognised her.
You know, she was in
Midsomer Murders.
Why didn't you say anything?
I saw her in Midsomer Murders...
I thought she might
have a twin or something.
What a stupid thing to think!
WHISPERING CONTINUES
Fuck, fuck!
CRASH!
You said she...
Yes...
Come out of the cupboard, Hugh. No.
Hugh, we have to sort this out.
When I asked you about
the focus group... Yeah.
You said she loved it.
We gave her a one-on-one.
Why?
She's middle England.
So "middle England" is a big fucking
field with one woman standing in it.
Do you think Hewitt will find out?
Of course he fucking will,
she's his mole.
That's why he's got a piece
in the paper tomorrow.
We've got to shut this
down now, right?
I want this leaked to Angela Heaney,
it's damage control, OK?
We put out the story the way we want
it, before Hewitt fucks us up
the bugle, get onto it now.
It was Olly's... I'm sorry but it
was Olly's idea, I went with it.
It's not my fault. The agency lied
to us, Hugh, the agency lied to me,
it's not my responsibility...
It's my fault for going with it,
we should get her in.
Get onto Heaney and her editor.
I'm onto it, Malcolm.
Talk to Angela, right,
set her up get her to do this.
Can I speak to Angela Heaney,
please?
Malcolm, I think we've made
the wrong decision...
Look, I didn't know that
she's an actress. No, exactly.
We've been lied to, we've been
abused, we are the victims of abuse.
Can you call her?
Shut up. Yes, I'll call her.
How could I have known?
You are a broken vase.
What the fuck? You're a broken vase.
How do I know she's an actress?
I never watch television. That's why
you have to give me a stupid tape.
We're gonna get her in,
we're gonna talk to her...
She'll meet us, I will talk
to her. I'm good with people.
She can help us, she'll see
our point of view, we'll be fine.
Well, I hope so, I hope
that's what's going to happen.
Or we kill her.
Can you try and make
him look presentable?
What is he looking dirty?
Comb his hair, change his tie.
It's fine, don't worry about it.
You're looking evening television,
I want you to look afternoon.
You want me to wear a fucking
Hawaiian shirt? I'll see
if we can find one(!)
No, she can't have a car.
Don't fucking mother me, OK?
I'm not so much mothering,
just, just wanting to help.
Are we getting her, Mary in,
can we get her in...tonight?
Yes. Won't that look a bit odd?
Anyone have a number?
I've got a number for the agency...
Get onto the agency.
It's all right.
Mary, you know Hugh,
you've met Glenn before... Yeah...
This is Malcolm Tucker,
he's our Director of Communications.
Take a seat, Mary.
So, listen, we are so grateful for
you coming in at this ungodly hour.
Is there a problem?
Yeah, there's a problem,
you flapping your trap.
The issue is,
the issue of you being an actress.
Right, I actually prefer actor.
I'm sorry, sexist, I'm sorry.
Yeah, absolutely.
Essentially, you know,
what you told us you know
that was fundamentally honest,
it was the truth,
They were genuinely
your thoughts, weren't they?
I haven't got two children but apart
from that it was essentially...
Most of this is really
to protect you...
You invented the kids? I was...
You made up small children?
I know small children. That's sick.
But I know small children,
I was just being representative.
Jesus Christ, I'd...
You invented children. I was giving
you what you wanted.
Eventually you lose track
of what you're saying and the lies
compound themselves
and you end up all over the place
like a crazy woman's shit
and that's OUR problem.
What we've done is we've given
the story to a tame journalist,
one who's more,
you know, likely to be sympathetic.
Think about what is going
to happen tomorrow.
Because tomorrow you are going
to find the press all over you...
In a good way?
No, not a good way at all.
That film Notting Hill,
have you seen that?
She's probably fucking in it.
You know that bit where
the guy opens the door
and there's like millions of
journalists and flash bulbs
are going off.
That's going to be you, darling,
they'll be all over you
like fucking cockroaches.
It's OK, it's OK...
No, it's not OK, it's not
going to be OK
and I'll tell you why
because you're fair game
so I hope your knickers are clean
because every sniffing shit-bag
that's ever filed a by-line
is going to be questioning you,
cos now it's in the fucking
public interest, isn't it?
And they're gonna hit you
with any shit they can find
and you're going to be there in front
of them like a trollop in the stocks.
I still don't really
understand what's going on.
We can hold those dogs back,
right...? Right.
What do you mean? We can get
you a nice journalist, yeah?
Yes. We can get you a nice young
journalist,
Angela Heaney and maybe you...
I mean I don't know what shit
that he made you sign
but whatever it was it was bullshit.
Maybe if you just say
that you were misquoted
and also that Simon Hewitt's a prick,
if you just said that. Who?
The journalist that
you told your story to.
I didn't,
I didn't talk to any journalist.
You spoke to Simon Hewitt... Simon?
No I... You fucking spoke
to Simon Hewitt.
He's a fat guy with a tiny little
dick, you fucking spoke to him.
I really think I'd like to go now.
Did you speak? I don't even know...
You didn't speak to him.
She didn't fucking speak to him.
I don't know anyone called Simon,
whatever the...
Hewitt. Simon Hewitt. Hewitt, yeah.
She doesn't even know, Malcolm.
Fuck's sake.
What's the matter with him? Olly...
Sorry for anything I said
that might have upset you.
Sorry, there's just been a crossed
line, darling, sorry about that.
Will you leave me alone?
Jesus. For fuck's sake!
She didn't even know. Fuck 'em.
That didn't really work, did it?
Can I just get this straight just
for my own, for my own sanity...?
If we get on the phone,
can we pull the front page?
No...it's too late.
Heaney's piece is going
to go ahead anyway now?
Of course it's going
to fucking go ahead,
I mean I'm good but I can't
fucking hold back the tide!
That's it. I'm going to bed.
Kind of ironic really...
You're fucking on your own!
She hasn't actually
spoken to Hewitt
and we've voluntarily released
the story to the...
to the press...unnecessarily...
Damn! And who's that evil Scottish
guy? He was awful.
He's just the Director of
Communication, Malcolm Tucker.
He was ordering me...
He wasn't ordering you...
That's a big story in itself...
dragging me out of bed
and then telling me what to say.
Some papers might be
interested in that.
This department's got
a lot of initiatives coming up...
Has it really, has it really?
And we're going to need
fairly like, you know, the
face for the renewal for...
soon we're gonna
have a whole campaign,
new stationery, pens...
face won't probably fit on,
we've got all that...
You are trying to bribe me
with a stationery photo shoot?
No, erm...
None of this is happening,
no, not bribe, no.
That was just small talk.
I was just chatting, small chat.
Can you wake me
in a couple of hours?
There's no time to go home,
I'll pass myself coming back in.
I'll ring Catherine
and say you won't be home.
Hi, how did you get on...
Happiness?
Go away, Terri.
I'll clear up a few biscuits
whilst I'm at it.
Kate, erm, just leaving
a message for you,
I know you're asleep by now
from Hugh, love to the kids,
see Alicia in the morning
and big kiss
and sorry about the bedtime story,
lots of love via Glenn,
nightie-night.
Email us at subtitling@bbc.co.uk